Privacy Policy


This Privacy Policy describes how we collect the information when you use our applications downloaded from Google Play Store and other third party app store. The Policy also explains how we use and disclose the information collected from you.

By installing and using the apps, you agree to this privacy policy and give an explicit and informed consent to the processing. If you do not agree, please do not install and use the apps. 

1. Non-personal Data

Non-personal data is information that does not identify you personally. We may collect non-personal data such as your device model, operating system version, country code, and other attributes to manage your app and communicate with you.

2. Ad serving Technology

We may disclose non-personal data to third parties and/or allow third parties to collect non-personal data through their own embedded technology. In order to serve ads to you, third-party advertising companies may post or identify unique cookies, anonymous identifiers or similar technologies for non-personally identifiable information. If you would like more information, please click on the following link:

3. Personal Data

We do not collect any personal information about you. 


4. Third party terms and conditions

Please note that your access to and use of the apps may be subject to certain third-party terms and conditions and privacy policies. You recognize and agree that we is not liable for any such third-party terms and conditions and any third party鈥檚 use of your Personal data. 


5.Your rights and options

You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and selecting "limit ad tracking" (Apple iOS) or "opt-out of interest based ads" (Android). or you can reset your device's ad identifier, by changing the settings of your device. Settings vary from device to device but you will usually find the ad identifier settings under "privacy" or "ads" in your device's settings.

You can restrict us to collect related information from your devices by changing the "Settings" in the devices.

You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object how we use or share your data. You can always withdraw your consent, for example by turning off GPS location sharing in your mobile device settings.

We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe.


6.Information security

We are very concerned about protecting the confidentiality of your information. We use administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your personal and non-personal information from unauthorized access and use.


8.Children

We understand the importance of taking extra precautions when using our products and services to protect children's privacy and safety. We do not collect, use or disclose personal information about children. If you are under the age of 18, you can use our website with your parent or guardian.
